Okay, I'd like to start with your, the latest series, You Finish the Demon Princes.
It amazed me that you could expand the theme, what seems to be a slight theme, into five
beautiful novels.
Do you remember what began the first book, The Star King, and did...
Well, my theory on this, I mean, I have to forgive me if I kind of ramble a little bit
on it, because I haven't really put into words too much.
But in general, I think when you're plotting something in this order, you don't want to
get too involved.
Just take some rather simple idea, which is susceptible of a lot of variation, you see.
If I started something with a real complicated idea, and then try to make five books about
it, I'd be catching my feet all the time, getting an idea which is essentially rather
simple, and then diversifying as I go along, it simplifies it for me.
Now, I don't think that's anything particularly...
So, the complication, or anybody who figured it out for themselves.
So, naturally, when I started, I had no idea how it's going to turn out, in other words,
I...
In fact, I don't believe I've...
As I went along from story to story that I even considered being...
Well, I had...
Yes, I had to do that a little bit, come to think of it, because if anybody's ready, you
don't notice that in the epigraphs, the story, I have people kind of discussing the whole
five of these so-called events, and characterizing them.
But, essentially, I really didn't have much notion of what one villain from story to story
kind of had to work it up as I went along.
Period.
Did you intend for there to be five books when you started?
Oh, yeah, sure.
I got the first one to go in, and then through all of the problems in the publication, I
got diverted and didn't get back to doing the final two for all of the...
Did I...
I'm not sure if anybody else saw this, or if I misread it, but I could swear there was
an inconsistency.
In the Star King, you say that the demon princes were aliens, and by the time I get
to the palace of love, they're humans.
No, the...
This particular breed of individual that was the Star King was a member of this area.
He was...
I really forget, in fact, I had some notion of us to do some more work and develop this
idea a little bit more.
Now, this is an idea...
This was a sort of a creature that had the ability to mimic or simulate human beings,
and it was nature.
But the rest of them were not, just this particular one book there, one.
I think if I were doing it over again, I'd change all that.
I wouldn't have the agents at all, I'd eliminate that whole...
It's not necessary to do them yet.
To the...
A lot of the book really, and it could kind of distract us.
That's the kind of thing that's involved with it.
In other words, it doesn't augment the series at all, I think, to have that personal understanding.
Do you agree or not?
No, I agree with you, yeah.
It doesn't make any difference.
They could have all been human.
Yeah.
I think it would have been more consistent, too.
Now, look, but then, when you're starting a series, you see, you're just...
Ricking here, roping there, trying this, trying that, thing not works.
Then after you kind of get a rhythm going, that's how you do the rest of it.
I felt some sympathy for the demon princes.
They're very creative individuals.
They have a very bad character yourself.
Well...
Are you...
Are you a good church?
You know that?
No.
What I mean is this.
They have enormous talents.
They're very creative.
Some of them were mistreated as children, and they've made it with great success in a large universe.
They don't grow old when Chris Gerson ends their lives.
The...
One of the groups that most fits what you're saying is the last one, the book number five.
The villain in the number three book, he was badly treated as a child, perhaps.
I think the number one, two, and four, really were developed themselves into what the elements
were.
I never felt any particular sympathy for any of them, you know, as liking except a little
bit for the number five.
What a number five.
Why does Gerson say in that last book, I think it was the last page of the book of dreams,
that Alice tells him to throw the book of dreams out into space, and he says, I can't
do that.
Why would he have any sympathy, or why would he have any response to that book such that
he couldn't get rid of it?
Well, I think everybody will have to answer that for themselves.
Okay.
Kurt Gerson himself, in some ways, he's as monomaniacal as the demon princes, you know,
the whole purpose of his life is revenge.
That is essential to the otherwise, that's the gasoline which makes the cargo.
Right?
Right.
Okay.
You mean that's a more?
No.
If he was kind of poem about the old thing, then there wouldn't be any story.
It wouldn't be a theory.
In other words, if he wasn't upset, then he might get bored, you see.
In other words, in order to, for instance, if Napoleon didn't like the idea of conquering
the world, he might have just been farmed grapes and carcasses.
In order to make the stories function, you have to have a person with a certain set of
attributes.
Correct?
Yes, sir.
Do you admire him?
Well, let's, I'm just trying to characterize the question by saying that first to stay
aloof from these, from getting involved in.
What am I trying to say is I prefer to be like a director at a, at a, producing a, working
a movie than to get myself involved in my character.
I want to stay away from it.
I didn't answer your question.
That's good enough.
Yeah.
Okay.
Let me move on just to another topic here.
The, obviously you're, you're noted as a stylist, your distinctive method of writing.
Yeah, that's, well, go on, ask your question.
Well, I was just going to say I'm kind of interested in the, the evolution of your style,
because when you began.
It would irritate me.
I don't have any style.
All I do is try to write whatever in the best possible way.
Now, if you take the trouble to read some of my murder mysteries, or you'll find that
they're, they're written in a different way.
Everything, everything you write, everything I write, everything anybody writes, the style
or the way the words are put together is part of the clue to the story.
It is part of the story itself.
It's part of the complete, completed product.
Now, when you say, why did I, how did I evolve this?
That, that implies that I have one style that I use for everything from this early dying
earth thing up to one of all this mystery stories with localum in the countryside out
here called Fox Valley Murders.
If you take the trouble to examine the, the way the words are put together, you find it
totally different.
I'll select that Ronald, which is a sense story, the way that the words go together
or different from the way the words go together and say, oh, I don't know what.
No, I don't have any style.
All I do is have a good, that's a good judgment as to how to, as, as the proper way of putting
words together to generate the proper, not the mood, not, well, generate the proper style
for that to work, evolve.
And to say that I have a style, it doesn't annoy me, not annoy, but here, edit, edit that
up.
Okay.
I'm not annoyed.
I'm just, what I'm trying to say is that I don't think it looks very deep into, into
what I'm doing.
That's a super paraphrase that I do really like.
I don't care.
I don't care what way the other one is.
Well, I didn't mean to imply that everything you wrote was a typical, you know, the same,
the same exact work, but what I, what I sort of meant was that back in the, say in the
late 40s and early 50s, you were, I guess you were writing for the Pult Magazine.
You know, there were no books.
I was learning my trade.
I got started writing, not as, not real young, you know, like some guys did.
In fact, I was doing lots of other things.
And then I decided I was going to be a writer and I started writing and I had all the talents
for it, I guess, apparently.
But I didn't have the knack or the practice or whatever you want to call it of putting
the words together.
And also I was, I was trying to write the wrong kind of story.
Those days, the gadget story was very big.
And I, I, a lot of times I'm trying to write gadget stories on scientific breakthroughs
and things like that, which is essentially kind of a line-down, I think.
And it's a phase of the field which is mercifully going over the hill.
I've got a very good scientific background.
It's not that I don't know science.
I do know it.
I was going to be a physicist, actually, for a while.
I started to count the physicists, but I changed my mind.
So it's, it's been, in the 40s and 50s I was writing and paramedics and collecting rejection slips.
And there was an apprentice period, an apprentice period in which I was paid not very much for it,
but, you know, checked once in a while.
But essentially those 40 and 50 stories, they're not, they're not much good with that work.
I just soon forget, forget them.
That's the way it goes.
How about you? You a writer?
I'm an English teacher. I do some writing, but I teach English here at Odessa College.
So I guess I'm more scholar than I am a writer.
But you understand what I'm saying.
Oh yes, sir, I do. Yes, very well.
I understand you did sell some stories to Campbell.
Oh yeah, I sold to Campbell.
In those days, Campbell was the best market agent of his money.
And I was always happy to sell Campbell, but I was never one of Campbell's co-derees or groups that he was going on.
And I was always on the outside, which now I'm very well suited.
As I say, I think it was a blind alley.
Campbell was in many ways an interesting man.
He had frequent courage.
But I don't think his taste in literature was all that sound.
You know, he was a positive force, a dynamic force for the time.
But when I think back, you know, the whole field of science that you're in,
I think he was probably, oh, give a little bit more credit.
But it's fine, then, maybe we'll see from the perspective of 100 years from now.
That's fine. That's fine. Yes, anyway.
Okay.
My next one would be sort of a two-prong question.
The first prong would be when, you know, when and why did you make the decision to become a professional writer?
And why did you take up science fiction and fantasy rather than some other area of writing?
First, I thought it was the idea of my life.
And I wanted to find some way of making a living where I could travel, be my own boss, for one hour.
And writing this thing, the way that suggests it.
And so I kind of, even when I was a little maybe, 12 years old, I kind of told myself I kind of liked being a writer.
You know, I wrote little stories. I don't even know what happened to it.
I think I said a story of Saturday and told it to a sportsman in South Pacific.
It was from the style of the adventure story 19.
And then we got it back. Then we got a letter from it.
And of course it wasn't good, obviously.
Then I got a sidetrack.
For a while I thought I was going to go into other, what's the quote,
ways to make a living. I can't think of words.
Meaning the ways that you make a living. That's the excuse that occupations make.
And as I say, I started in a, well, the physicist.
And I thought I'd be a mining engineer. I gave that up.
And I intensively decided no, I'm going to be a writer.
And why I chose science fiction, I don't know, or fantasy, whatever you want to call it.
I'd put out as a kid, I've done a lot of reading.
I've done a lot of reading in everything before that.
But I've kind of probably more touched by, or not influenced just the word, influenced, I guess.
You might say by the fantasy and the so-called science fiction.
Rather than by much anything else.
Although I wouldn't have loved to be able to write like Wodex, P.G. Wodex.
I would have been great, but it's obvious there could only be one, one life in the band F7.
And so that particular niche was blocked.
So I guess I decided at least fantasy rather.
I could have written, I wrote murder mysteries and had decent success with them.
I've never tried what is so-called mainstream novel, whatever that means, I don't know.
But it's never had a quite an interest for me to write a book in the field which I guess appeals to the...
Well, this tells me, you know, there is the valley of the dolls or something like that.
I wouldn't know how to start, I guess I could do it.
But I like to write the things I like.
The fact of it is I write the things I want to write.
And these things are the ones I like to write.
And that is the story of why the female science fiction family today is the basic self-indulgence of you.
You there?
Yes, sir, that's fine.
I don't know if you're listening there, or whether you're not there or not.
No, I'm just being careful about budding in because if I should bud in to one of your speeches and it's hard to edit me out.
I just want to make sure that you're done before I start, but I'm listening.
Okay.
Yeah, there's a few people listening here.
I have been following you ever since I started reading science fiction.
You know, you are my favorite author and I think I've read everything you've written, as far as I know.
I have always thought personally, I'm sure you've heard this from other people, that you have lacked recognition.
You know, you're contemporary with people like Asimov and Heinlein and Van Votensturgeon, but perhaps not as well known as they are.
And I wondered why you thought that was, because your science fiction is at least as good, if not better than theirs.
Well, I think I would have probably good by it.
Okay, that's good.
Norman Spinrad wrote an essay on your Dragon Masters, I think, in review of it.
And he said that you were more for a minority taste of reader rather than the mass market.
I wasn't quite sure what he meant by that.
Do you have you?
I don't quite agree with him.
I don't think I write anything that's particularly obscure or pedantic or very highly cultivated.
It seems like everything I write is fairly universal.
Don't you think so yourself?
It doesn't seem like a narrow base.
No, it's not narrow.
But on the other hand, I'm always amazed at the people who consider themselves science fiction readers who have read very little of what you've written, too.
Yeah, well, I don't really know much about it.
I'm long ago given to stop worrying about it.
I just sit at this end of the tube and occasionally drop the manuscript down and then forget it.
I hope that I'll get paid for it.
But if I'm starting to worry about who these people are, or worrying about who the readership was, I think I'd probably go mad, if it were a matter.
It's pointless, I think, to...
I've always, I think, decided that I've always written a thing which amused me correctly.
And the...
I think another thing, too, that I've developed rather gradually in...
reached, by presence, whatever you want to call it, by kind of a back way inconspicuously.
I've never, Clark has known for 2001,
a high-line, stranger-than-strange land or whatever, children's books are, or through Campbell.
And it's...
I've never been associated with anything that had any other publicity attached to it.
So I just seem to arrive on the scene, so it seems to me, if I were looking at my own career in this way,
kind of quietly from northeast somewhere, rather than through having a movie or...
or something that's sort of...
I don't have an explanation, anyway.
Right now, I'm doing a...
Like, I'm just finishing up on a rather... something totally different.
It's a medieval-type fantasy.
It's very long, and so I'm just going over 600 pages on it now.
And it's just possible that this will have more acceptance across a wider spectrum of readers than my other stuff.
Although, as I said at the beginning of this film, here, I really don't understand myself
why I don't track the larger audience.
That was me a little bit.
I was doing something real strange, a writing like James Joyce, you know, or something I can understand it,
but in the right simple set of clues, the subject matter is not all that hard to...
understand.
So, but then, actually, you don't have to forget your name, I'm sorry.
Daryl.
We moved that last... those last two sentences.
Okay.
I don't like the way they sound.
Yeah, that's fine.
You know, for about two, three minutes.
I'm stumbling around talking about why I don't understand what people don't like, and it sounds like I'm kind of whining.
Yeah, no, I'll leave that out.
That's not what I'm trying to say anyway.
Yeah, all right.
What's your next one?
Okay, I want to get back to your work just to move along.
I guess your first book that was published as a book was The Dying Earth around 1950.
Now, that was different than the pulp material.
Yeah.
What caused that kind of change?
Well, the funny thing about it is that was written before I started selling.
I was written in C, as well as Merchant C.
And I didn't have quite a bit of spare time to begin writing these flamboyant, highly colored stories.
And then when I began selling, I think I had these things lying around.
And I kind of forget to tell you the truth, just what happened to them.
But I think I had them sitting around for several years and finally put them together in the way they are now.
And sent them to the agents.
And he told them to go with the bureaucracy.
But those were written all very, very early.
They were written before I even started selling them.
So they're just representative of kind of rather early stage.
And then when I started writing the so-called gadget fiction or other stuff,
I changed the style of this, the dying earth stuff, wasn't at all suitable for writing the stuff I began selling.
That's the stuff I was selling with any of this, because it wasn't.
But at least the style of the dying earth would have been absolutely,
sort of incongruous when the critics tried to use different styles.
You didn't sell the stories individually, did you?
In other words, I, so I didn't.
I was just trying to think about that.
But I don't believe I sold them anywhere.
It seems to me, and may be wrong because it's so long ago,
but it seems to me that the first time I ever sold them was in the group.
I'm almost certain, but I wouldn't swear to them.
In other words, the order is your own order in the book.
Yeah, I used that order.
I turned around the temporal sequence a little bit,
but I did that in order for what I considered to be a little bit more impact.
Yeah, well, rightly alone, I like it better the way it is,
if they were in the exact chronological sequence.
Did you mean for there to be sort of a movement or progression like it?
No, there were conceived of as being vaguely interrelated stories,
but without a strong connecting link.
In fact, the last one was written without any connecting link, whatever,
it just conceived different brains.
And I think it is a little bit different from the rest of it.
Well, I thought that, for instance, that last story,
the first part of the book was very heavily into the magic,
and the last part, the last couple of stories were more science fiction.
Whatever you want to call it, yeah.
Yeah, that's all right.
And I guess it was about 15 years, you didn't write any dying earth material
until you came to the Eyes of the Overworld series.
That's not my title, like somebody else's story.
I know, what was your title? Did you have one?
I think I just called it Cool.
Yeah. Why did you come back to the dying earth?
Did you get reader response?
No. I was just more and more to do some more stuff in there.
And this character was swarming around in my hand.
And I just decided it would be kind of fun to do some coogled stories.
In fact, as soon as I finish, I want to get another volume going,
because I have time to do it after I finish what I'm doing now.
I've got two stories in a second instead of coogled.
I've got a coogled book that I'd like to get another three, four stories
to make another book out of.
Good.
Okay, let me move on again.
I don't know of any other writer who is as convincing as you are
in constructing an alien planet with its cultures and customs and so forth.
One person called you the foremost.
I think she used the word Xenographer in science fiction.
My question would be, when you start a novel about a world,
say Durdain or Tri or something, where do you begin?
Do you begin with a story and then build a world
or begin with the world and get a story or a character?
Well, this is such a complicated process that I'm not even going to answer.
It's part of everything.
It all works together.
It's like, I'm trying to think of an analogy.
I can't think of anything.
But it's just like if you're an architect and you're building a house,
do you put down the foundations first or do you think of people,
how they're going to live or do you envision the landscaper?
In other words, you do it all together.
You don't form stuff in your head as an entity.
Then you see it and that's it.
There it is.
Does that make sense?
Yeah, it does.
You don't really, I guess you wouldn't appreciate
or be able to respond to or to a source kind of a question for a story, would you?
No, I don't have any sources.
But if the question I'll tell you is, if I have a simple answer, I can tell you.
Well, okay, I mean I could get smaller, big on this.
For instance, in the novel Trollian from the Elastra cluster series,
that game Hussade or Hussade?
I call it Hussade.
Hussade?
Hussade.
Hussade, oh good, okay.
So it's no way.
You're not meeting that.
Okay.
What about some of the made evil settings in some of your books?
Like in, say, Inferio, the gill system there.
Oh, I don't know.
Gills.
Well, it's just that it seems that that would be a universal pattern.
I don't think it's made evil.
I think gills are clans, kingdoms, brotherhoods over when you have lots of different societies.
I think these things all form under many, under different guises perhaps.
But there's only so many ways that human beings can join together,
one is through their occupation, one is through their blood relationship,
one is maybe political beliefs.
There's only 10 or 12 different ways, whereas societies and cultures are infinite.
So if there were gills here and there in the future, what would be rather surprising?
Okay, you've mentioned, and I knew beforehand, that you do have a science background.
In most of your books, you set up societies that are really non-technological,
like people work with their hands and so forth, even though man has star drive and space travel and so forth.
I wondered why you didn't spend more time on the scientific.
It's just like when you're writing magic stories, where the magic is in here.
It's rather hard if you have a magician to live with him in such a way that he can't do anything and then there's no story.
When you're writing about a magic to a magician, you have to have it arranged
so that there's some kind of a conflict or a tension involved.
So the same thing, in exactly the same phrases, can be said about science.
If you have scientists who are able to manipulate energy and robot forces and tools,
there's no way they can do anything without leaving their armchair.
So there's no story.
Stories are made by human beings interacting and doing things with their hands,
not by turning laser beams on each other, or even worse, sitting at consoles and pressing buttons.
That's no fun.
We're not no story involved.
What's to read about that?
I think when you think about it, the answer to that is self-evidence.
But perhaps you just haven't asked yourself a question and tried to answer it for yourself because it is almost self-evident reading, right?
That's an excellent answer. That's good. Very good.
I thought it might have been also some sort of a, oh, I don't know, a liking for a simpler, more primitive existence,
a dislike of a plastic technology.
A little bit perhaps.
I tend to be a little suspicious of people that live their life only in terms of abstractions.
In other words, I have more admiration, more respect, more fellow feeling, I think,
for people that live their lives a little closer to the soil.
You know, that there's farmers or seamen or people that are in contact with natural things.
People working in computer factories or something like that.
I suppose maybe when they leave work they go out and raise a garden or something.
Re-establish their contact with the soil.
But hey, don't cut that way.
I'm getting too involved here.
Let's go back a little way.
Just say that I just feel, cut it off where I said that I just feel a little more sympathy with people that have contact with the,
I'm getting too complicated.
If I go around analyzing people's occupations and say whether this is more abstract matter,
it just makes a lot of, it gets too complicated.
Okay, I understand.
Fine.
Okay, let me just ask you a question on the, is it pronounced Chai, the planet Chai?
I usually say Che.
Che?
Makes no difference.
I don't, I'm not sensitive about such things.
Okay, it seemed to me that of all the series you've done, that was, I mean, yeah, okay,
that might have been the one that had sort of an open ending that you could add to it.
Do you plan anything further on Adam Reath?
I thought about it at the time, but I don't think I'd want to go back there.
I think what's better left the way it is, the obvious set of sequels would be expeditions from Earth,
or not Earth, but the, whatever was the system that's landing on there and getting embroiled in the, in the people there.
And I'm not to twid with the idea a little bit, and then I decided no, that would become baffles, that would be, you know,
I just decided it wouldn't work.
I thought, I'll just leave it alone.
The way it was, it was great, everybody left and the, I didn't want to disturb it.
I wanted something else.
Okay, in a number of your books, I'm thinking of the Durdain trilogy principally,
but in a number of them you speak of the Historical Institute, and I have a vague idea of what that is,
but could you sort of fill in some details on what that is?
Your idea of what it is is just exactly as careful and elaborate as mine is.
You know, as much fun as I do.
That's just about the size of it.
I just left it kind of vague.
I just didn't want to go into it too much.
Okay.
If I ever had any reason to, I probably would have fleshed it out a little bit,
but just for the purposes of that book, and on other occasions where I've used it,
I've just left it, just kind of a force off the distance, and let that suffice.
That's the reason for that.
In other words, I just don't know.
I have never worked to death in any company, in that company,
but exact or precise form.
Okay, in the Elastor Cluster series, that almost allows for an infinite number of books.
Do you have any further planned?
It's a matter of time.
As I say, I want to do a kugel.
The thing I'm working on now goes, I've got two or three more in mind.
Now, these are kind of long books.
They're not sword and sorcery.
If anybody's called it sword and sorcery, I might have a fifth.
But it is medieval.
There are swords in it.
There is sorcery, but it's no big muscle bound people wearing jock straps,
cutting people's heads in it.
But anyway, if this goes over, and I hope it will, I'll do some more in the series.
If not, I'll just go along.
I'll figure it out and go along.
Okay, I'm moving right along here.
I've always noted a lack of didacticism in your writing.
Sort of a detached, ironic perspective on people and the human condition.
But sometimes I see some pretty sharp satire criticism.
And usually that's directed against, say, an elite class or a ruling class.
Would that be a fair observation on my part?
No, not necessarily.
Those criticisms, which you may see generally,
well, I don't know, it'd be complicated to try to explain to you my personal ideologies.
But in other words, I think your observation is a little bit off the mark there.
I do have opinions, obviously.
But in general, I try to keep ideology out of the books,
except by remote inference.
Although I have in two books, I got a little bit of ideology in there.
I don't think I'll do it again.
Would one of those be The Great Prince?
Right.
The Great Prince.
The other, I've been accused of it, is Witt, you know, in the Elistor.
Right.
But that doesn't mean any particular, it was satire rather than ideology, I think.
The welfare state wasn't bad, you know, I suppose, too.
But maybe it was laid on a little bit too heavy anise.
Have you ever said to you or spoken to you in terms of the last castle,
that the society you depict there is sort of a brittle, decadent kind of society?
Never once.
No, there's never any complaints there at all.
I wasn't thinking of complaints.
You certainly have a right to your opinions and you have a right to put them in your books.
But generally speaking, I like to keep my opinion so that nobody even knows you're there.
That they only work out through the way things happen.
And if anybody notices, then I feel I haven't done a very skillful,
however the great prince, it was a little bit more overt.
But it wasn't all that.
You know, it wasn't laboring anybody over the head.
Okay, let me just shoot out a couple of miscellaneous questions here.
Do you have any works that you're particularly satisfied with that you,
I don't know what word to use, not favorite so much, but that you're particularly pleased with the way they came out?
I was like, cool.
I'm very happy with that, generally speaking.
I like the Durdain set pretty well.
I generally like most everything I've done over the last 20 years or so.
In fact, I look back at some of the stuff and it scares me.
I just hope that I can keep on writing up to the level of that stuff I knew earlier.
So I try harder.
So I can kind of not feel I'm over the guillotine.
I'm over the guillotine.
I strike that last off.
Okay.
I'll just go back just a little bit.
What's been your biggest moneymaker in the science fiction fantasy field?
Well, I don't know for sure, but I can tell you something is always amusing.
Well, I was first starting, as I mentioned to you, I was trying to decide how to go about making some money in the business.
And I thought I'd try to be one of these guys that writes very, very fast.
You know, I just sit down, put paper in the typewriter.
I write longhand, by the way.
But so one day I went down over the weekend, I was visiting some people.
Over the weekend I wrote two short stories, this first draft.
And I forget now, well, I guess my wife typed them.
And I said them out, both were sold.
And they were the two first Magnus Rydolf stories.
And they appeared in due course.
And they were rotten stories, both of them.
They were just terrible first draft stories I just soon see absolutely forgotten.
Well, I don't know why or how, but a producer in 20th Century Fox noticed this story was called Hard-Luck Dings, I guess.
Rotten stories.
But there was just a sentence there, it caught his mind.
So he picked up the story, paid me for it, well, you know, Hollywood style.
Hired me to come down there to prepare a treat for the movie.
Paid me well to, you know, to do this play for it, Screen Splash.
So that wretched story that I'd done in whatever, it made an awful lot of money.
And yet it was probably one of the worst things I've ever done.
In terms of more dignified methods of making money, I don't know, I'll tell you the truth.
I used to keep a record of burning stories by the tenth, you know, or how they worked outside.
Other words, other words, whether it means so many words, somebody said the word or so much dollars or thousands of dollars or whatever.
And but over the years, what was foreign sales and resale in this scene became meaningless because the going to inflation and the way money changed,
I'd be getting paid five times as much for, hello?
Yeah, I'm in.
Yeah, I'm getting paid five times as much for a sale of this story to France that I got originally.
And it just was meaningless.
So I just stopped keeping, keeping getting a count of these things.
If you ask me, I couldn't tell you, I have no idea.
And I don't particularly care about making that much money.